{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid14800\rsid16473\rsid161348\rsid163044\rsid346669\rsid396774
\rsid538018\rsid540697\rsid544102\rsid596753\rsid605196\rsid615495\rsid723543\rsid743974\rsid799818\rsid807756\rsid1124792\rsid1126641\rsid1272956\rsid1329435\rsid1390898\rsid1406355\rsid1448981\rsid1471549\rsid1507945\rsid1514699\rsid1576502\rsid1579595
\rsid1591908\rsid1596733\rsid1801012\rsid1845388\rsid1862756\rsid1922694\rsid1987998\rsid2040713\rsid2051894\rsid2056084\rsid2120746\rsid2166752\rsid2318665\rsid2365176\rsid2445275\rsid2510338\rsid2639493\rsid2705958\rsid2713336\rsid2913320\rsid2975322
\rsid3028579\rsid3082217\rsid3228598\rsid3374416\rsid3481870\rsid3740197\rsid3820026\rsid3821473\rsid3898528\rsid4013255\rsid4020303\rsid4069145\rsid4195530\rsid4201072\rsid4206580\rsid4209277\rsid4262722\rsid4331126\rsid4351221\rsid4394346\rsid4419060
\rsid4528211\rsid4593790\rsid4596624\rsid4606907\rsid4747130\rsid4853653\rsid4866099\rsid4981284\rsid5001991\rsid5062581\rsid5062591\rsid5134216\rsid5206771\rsid5246637\rsid5312355\rsid5325828\rsid5375429\rsid5394497\rsid5592327\rsid5703985\rsid5733834
\rsid5777365\rsid5792996\rsid5905122\rsid5990523\rsid6051013\rsid6103730\rsid6175647\rsid6240591\rsid6242896\rsid6322063\rsid6388695\rsid6438183\rsid6568462\rsid6579205\rsid6640596\rsid6706473\rsid6773978\rsid6778440\rsid6905485\rsid6947933\rsid7154530
\rsid7166255\rsid7229516\rsid7241498\rsid7355277\rsid7408940\rsid7429989\rsid7630892\rsid7739947\rsid7800693\rsid7946066\rsid8127896\rsid8133260\rsid8205372\rsid8351868\rsid8480701\rsid8481955\rsid8605897\rsid8652582\rsid8721306\rsid8736922\rsid8793463
\rsid8801650\rsid8855995\rsid8860822\rsid8992164\rsid9184793\rsid9188022\rsid9201064\rsid9204383\rsid9377555\rsid9569334\rsid9582510\rsid9704737\rsid9766364\rsid9775648\rsid9846877\rsid9991561\rsid10036788\rsid10041862\rsid10114025\rsid10240665
\rsid10296372\rsid10313884\rsid10444057\rsid10486108\rsid10492444\rsid10495837\rsid10689695\rsid10690543\rsid10705388\rsid10769311\rsid10830337\rsid10839761\rsid10905938\rsid11275592\rsid11360059\rsid11363087\rsid11487740\rsid11556887\rsid11624509
\rsid11740632\rsid11799807\rsid11813947\rsid11866520\rsid11880867\rsid11940430\rsid12190334\rsid12198836\rsid12279362\rsid12279851\rsid12584689\rsid12590169\rsid12596460\rsid12796846\rsid12860917\rsid12868909\rsid13119218\rsid13309971\rsid13329900
\rsid13333308\rsid13388264\rsid13447746\rsid13451259\rsid13504959\rsid13507217\rsid13572446\rsid13654860\rsid13662257\rsid13723619\rsid13728403\rsid13967879\rsid14026731\rsid14096185\rsid14319099\rsid14432150\rsid14442702\rsid14620524\rsid14624083
\rsid14643363\rsid14690812\rsid14811881\rsid14943060\rsid15075782\rsid15145603\rsid15165925\rsid15166700\rsid15209795\rsid15271768\rsid15281911\rsid15300996\rsid15365116\rsid15471090\rsid15547640\rsid15600232\rsid15665429\rsid15672282\rsid15796243
\rsid15865567\rsid15882813\rsid15889319\rsid16330941\rsid16342262\rsid16344036\rsid16398605\rsid16465231\rsid16520517\rsid16532293\rsid16538974\rsid16586171\rsid16588483\rsid16590503\rsid16594335}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6866;}{\info
{\title Prologue scenario}{\author Sinnie}{\operator Sinnie}{\creatim\yr2012\mo2\dy4\hr3\min6}{\revtim\yr2012\mo2\dy6\hr3\min9}{\version9}{\edmins610}{\nofpages20}{\nofwords5830}{\nofchars33232}{\*\company Sinnie's Godly Services}{\nofcharsws38985}
{\vern16393}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl }\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\grfdocevents0\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\ApplyBrkRules\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot1507945 
\fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid14432150 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\insrsid5206771 The lich one is too easy
\par 
\par }{\insrsid14432150 Prologue scenario
\par 
\par \'93You will be greatly missed\'94 \endash  change greatly to sorely
\par 
\par First Scenario
\par if scorpion kills one of the bandits then Grog says line about killing humans and finds the bottle
\par Move the \'93we should take it with us\'94 line to Arcamenel or the female Elf. 
\par 
\par Story board between first and second scenario, turn \lquote 6\rquote  into \'93six\'94
\par 
\par Second scenario
\par Bedets line about Cactoses \'93so far from their forest before: be careful\'94 \endash  \lquote :\rquote  becomes \lquote ;\rquote 
\par 
\par Elyssas first line \'93It is me\'94 becomes \'93It is I. }{\i\insrsid14432150 A fierce Troll with Elvish escort }{\insrsid14432150 needs \'93\'94}{\insrsid14432150\charrsid14432150 
\par }{\insrsid14432150 Elyssa\rquote s line \'93For years we were untroubled by the Dwarves, but finally\'85\'94 change to \'93For years we were untroubled by the Dwarves, alas\'85\'94
\par 
\par Elyssa\rquote s line \'93perhaps I should open it then\'94 needs a . not a ,
\par 
\par \'93Blast these desert plunderers\'94 to \'93Damn these desert plunderers\'94
\par 
\par }{\i\insrsid14432150 Luckily I managed to }{\i\ul\insrsid14432150 borrow}{\i\insrsid14432150 . }{\insrsid14432150 To }{\i\insrsid14432150 Luckily I managed to \lquote borrow\rquote .}{\insrsid14432150  Then \'93I reckon I ought to use\'85 this one\'85\'94

\par 
\par \'93What a pity such an enchantment will last only for some days\'94 to \'93Such a wonderful conjuration, a pity it will only last a few days.\'94
\par 
\par \'93all the dust devils won\rquote t be available\'94 should be \'93none of the dust devils will be available\'94
\par 
\par Grogs \'93more humans\'94 triggered after my entire conversation with Elyssa \endash  too late}{\insrsid14319099 . Then on a second time it triggered based on my dust devil moving to a hex, after all the humans had died}{\insrsid14432150 
\par }{\insrsid14319099 
\par \'93Great chief.. dead?\'94 needs and extra .}{\insrsid14319099\charrsid14432150 
\par }{\insrsid14432150 
\par }{\insrsid14319099 \'93Alas, I\rquote m afraid it is so\'94 \endash  remove Alas
\par 
\par \'93I may die, but our cause lives on.\'94 To \'93}{\insrsid2318665 Death\'85 means nothing\'85 Our cause lives on!\'94}{\insrsid14319099 
\par }{\insrsid2318665 
\par \'93looks he captured a sword in his pillages\'94 to \'93Look at his sword, it emanates power.\'94}{\insrsid14319099 
\par }{\insrsid2318665 
\par Third scenario
\par 
\par }{\insrsid2445275 You start really close to the base, I suggest do the dialogue with everyone spawned in the corner, then auto move them then start level}{\insrsid2318665 
\par }{\insrsid2445275 
\par \'93but now, here, in front of my own eyes.\'94 To \'93but now, here\'85 in front of my own eyes\'85\'94
\par 
\par \'93only white troll, make good use of it\'94 \endash  HIM
\par 
\par Grogs \'93it\rquote s a dead-end\'94 to \'93path stop\'94
\par }{\insrsid6568462 
\par \'93Grog wanders what\rquote s in here\'94 to \'93Grog think what in here?\'94
\par 
\par \'93}{\ul\insrsid6568462 Excuse me?\'94 }{\insrsid6568462 to \'93}{\i\insrsid6568462 Excuse me!\'94}{\insrsid6568462\charrsid6568462 
\par }{\insrsid6568462 
\par }{\insrsid4981284 
\par }{\insrsid14432150 A2 - A Doubtful Alliance}{\insrsid10839761  \endash  Fourth scenario}{\insrsid14432150 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid161348 Grog: "Grog smells D}{\insrsid14432150 warves."
\par }{\insrsid161348 Zurg: "I smell Dwarf}{\insrsid14432150  stench but something}{\insrsid161348  also that is not Dwarf}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par }{\insrsid161348 Elyssa: "The Undead. Not a good turn of events, that\rquote s for sure. W}{\insrsid14432150 hat they are doing here?"
\par Zurg: "}{\insrsid161348 Skeletons make only war, Dwarves war with dem}{\insrsid14432150 . }{\insrsid161348 Some people say der is Lich}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Elyssa: "}{\insrsid161348 Ach! A Lich? I hope not. Very well\'85 We are trapped. Going back will not avail us, onward it is then!
\par }{\insrsid14432150 Zurg: "}{\insrsid161348 Lich are dangerous. Trolls dun trust dem.}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par Elyssa: "We have no choice. If we are lucky}{\insrsid161348  they will assist us and we shall leave}{\insrsid14432150 , if not}{\insrsid161348 ,}{\insrsid14432150  then we will }{\insrsid161348 be prepared}{\insrsid14432150  to fight."
\par 
\par }{\insrsid161348 
\par }{\insrsid14432150 Death Knight: "Who}{\insrsid161348  steps into my domain}{\insrsid14432150 ? Wait}{\insrsid161348 \'85}{\insrsid14800  D}{\insrsid161348 o not answer}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Death Knight: "}{\i\insrsid14800\charrsid14800 Trolls and their}{\insrsid14800  }{\i\insrsid14800 friends\'85 this could be beneficial and very interesting\'85 A deception is in order}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par }{\insrsid1406355 Death Knight: "What can I assist the Trolls and Human with}{\insrsid14432150 ?"
\par Zurg: "}{\insrsid1406355 Trolls chase Dwarves. Wrecked Trolls home. Now Trolls seek new home}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par Death Knight: "}{\insrsid1406355 Ahh. Mutual goals. Assist me in driving these Dwarves from the tunnels and I will certainly lend a hand in your search}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Zurg: "We}{\insrsid1406355  talk first}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par }{\insrsid1406355 Death Knight: \'93As you wish, don\rquote t take too long\'85 }{\insrsid1406355\charrsid1406355 thinking}{\insrsid1406355 \'85}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par Zurg: "}{\i\insrsid1406355 What now? Zurg smell a trap}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Elyssa: "}{\i\insrsid1406355 I know the U}{\i\insrsid14432150\charrsid1406355 ndead. They are vile, treacherous and cruel. They will use us and then kill us, or worse}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Zurg: "}{\insrsid1406355 Zurg }{\insrsid14432150  know}{\insrsid1406355 . Trolls help dem, then, Trolls escape}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par }{\insrsid1406355 Grog: "Grog say yes. Trolls say no, den, Bones kill Trolls}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par }{\insrsid3082217 Elyssa: "Very well, but we must be on our guard}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Zurg: "OK, I tell him."}{\insrsid3082217  - REMOVE}{\insrsid14432150 
\par Zurg: "}{\insrsid3082217 Trolls help Bones kill Dwarves}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Death Knight: "}{\insrsid3082217 Excellent. Feel free to avail yourselves of the keep over there}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par 
\par You move onto the desert:
\par Narrator: "This was }{\insrsid3082217 once the entrance to the great D}{\insrsid14432150 warvish ki}{\insrsid3082217 ngdom that thrived here. After The Fall the few remaining D}{\insrsid14432150 warves retreated }{\insrsid3082217 deep into their}{
\insrsid14432150  tunnels. Over many centuries the wind has blown the desert far into the caves."
\par 
\par You enter the main hall:
\par Narrator: "This }{\insrsid7630892 was once}{\insrsid14432150  the }{\insrsid7630892 grand welcoming hall of the D}{\insrsid14432150 warvish kingdom. Now it is little more than a guard post."
\par 
\par You move onto the broken pillars (that are debris in game):
\par Narrator: "This pile of rubble used to be a}{\insrsid7630892  great stone}{\insrsid14432150  pillar }{\insrsid7630892 reaching to the roof of this vast chamber}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par 
\par You see a bone shooter, or it sees you:
\par Elyssa: "That skeleton looks like that bandit chap I fried a few days ago. I wonder if he recognizes me?"
\par Elyssa: "Hey, you there! How do you find the un-life?"
\par Bone Shooter: "You're lucky I can't reach you, or I'd skewer you with an arrow!"
\par }{\insrsid3082217 Elyssa: "Looks like he\rquote s enjoying himself}{\insrsid14432150 !"
\par 
\par You see the Dwarvish leader, or he sees you:
\par }{\insrsid5325828 Dwarvish Lord: \'93Aye, this be a lost cause, I can not hold them. You, go and warn the rest of the clan.}{\insrsid14432150 
\par Dwarvish Pathfinder: "}{\insrsid5325828 As yer comman, Mi Lord}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par 
\par If the Death Knight dies:
\par }{\insrsid5325828 Death Knight: "How can this be? This is impossible\'85}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par Elyssa: "}{\insrsid5325828 It is as I feared, they were too many}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par 
\par When the Dwarvish Lord dies:
\par Death Knight: "}{\insrsid5325828 Aha! Success}{\insrsid14432150 !"
\par Elyssa: "Zurg, }{\insrsid5325828 lead everyone}{\insrsid14432150  back}{\insrsid5325828  to the village, you will have a chance to defend against counter attack there}{\insrsid14432150 . We will }{\insrsid5325828 return}{\insrsid14432150  when we can."

\par Death Knight: "}{\insrsid5325828 Yes, you will now come to my }{\insrsid14432150 master to make}{\insrsid5325828 \'85}{\insrsid14432150  arrangements}{\insrsid5325828 \'85}{\insrsid14432150  about }{\insrsid5325828 a new home, yes? }{\insrsid14432150  }{
\insrsid5325828 These fine young skeletons will be your, ah, bodyguards.}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Elyssa: "}{\i\insrsid14432150\charrsid5325828 Prison guard more like}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par 
\par End of turns:
\par Elyssa: "This is taking too long."
\par }{\insrsid10839761 
\par 
\par Fifth scenario
\par 
\par \'93Elyssa hoped it would be a paltry necromancer\'94 to \'93Elyssa hoped that he would be a mere necromancer.\'94
\par 
\par Grogs \endash  \'93But not this close\'94 to Elyssa \endash  \'93Perhaps not this close.\'94
\par 
\par Grog \endash  \'93Grog don\rquote t like hissing thing. Grog want to smash it.\'94 To \'93Grog dun like hissing thing. Grog want smash it.\'94
\par 
\par }{\insrsid4419060 After Elyssa uses both of her spells to hit all the enemies add this:}{\insrsid10839761 
\par }{\insrsid4419060 Elyssa \endash  \'93Well, that was the best I could manage, your move Grog.\'94
\par 
\par Grog \'93Grog says we run now\'94 to \'93Grog say run!\'94
\par 
\par Elyssa \'93This cave is full of side tunnels Let\rquote s try to stay on the main road, for we don\rquote t know how much the other tunnels will slow us down.\'94 To \'93A good and well thought out plan Grog, yes\'85 Lots of smaller tunnels in here, let
\rquote s stay on the main one \endash  Straight out and in good time, yes, that\rquote s the plan.}{\insrsid10839761 
\par }{\insrsid4419060 
\par Elyssa \endash  \'93Some one check out those runes for me. I need to save my magic; that Lich will be hard to er\'85 un-kill\'94 to \'93Dwarven runes! }{\insrsid8992164 Have a look and see what they do. I need to save my magic for the Lich; he\rquote 
s going to be hard to err\'85 un-kill.\'94}{\insrsid4419060 
\par }{\insrsid8992164 
\par Elyssa \endash  \'93Nothing happened. Typical\'85\'94
\par \'93I hate runes, I really do\'94 \endash  remove
\par 
\par Grog \endash  \'93Gate. Grog can get out and shut it\'94 to \'93Grog see gate.\'94
\par Elyssa \endash  \'93Let us hope so. My opinion of Dwarvish construction is waning rapidly.\'94 To \'93Excellent, a way out of this nightmare. Grog, see if you can close it behind us; I don\rquote 
t hold out hope though, my opinion of Dwarvish construction is waning rapidly.\'94
\par 
\par Random Troll \endash  \'93May dwarf long weak be\'94 Remove \endash  not sure what this is meant to mean
\par 
\par Elyssa \endash  \'93it should close from the outside\'94 to \'93It }{\i\insrsid8992164 should}{\insrsid8992164  close from the outside, if not\'85\'94
\par 
\par Grog \endash  \'93Griknagh now is help us.\'94 \endash  what does this mean?
\par 
\par Og the Clever \endash  \'93Gate not last long. They got back and kill Trolls back home\'94 to \'93Gate not last long. Bones go to Troll home now.\'94
\par 
\par Grog \endash  \'93Grog need to save other Trolls.\'94 To \'93Grog need go to Troll village.\'94
\par 
\par Both \'93whatever  cost\'94 lines \endash  remove and \'93then I shall help you\'94 \endash  remove
\par 
\par 
\par Sixth scenario}{\insrsid9991561 
\par 
\par Too easy?
\par }{\insrsid8992164 
\par Story board change to \'93They hurried toward the village, though the Lich would not be able to chase them directly Elyssa was certain he would have methods of contacting his lieutenant in the caves. They feared that the U
ndead had already turned on the Trolls remaining in the village. They were not wrong. 
\par 
\par Ghost speaking \endash  possible?
\par 
\par Zurg \endash  \'93Grog, is that you?\'94 to \'93Grog, that you? Bones are attacking village, Grog must crush them!\'94
\par }{\insrsid4419060 
\par }{\insrsid8992164 Grog \endash  \'93Lich\rquote s army big. Grog says we retreat.\'94 To \'93Lich army big. Grog say retreat.\'94
\par 
\par Zurg \endash  \'93No! Not the tunnel.\'94 To \'93No! Not the tunnel. Down }{\insrsid5206771 tunnel is evil magic. Trolls dun run. Bones are\'85\'94}{\insrsid8992164 
\par }{\insrsid5206771 
\par Grog \endash  \'93Trolls need time\'94 to \'93Troll need time. Troll defend village. Troll open tunnel. Grog come quick.\'94
\par 
\par Zurg \endash  \'93Some Trolls will try to open the tunnel too.\'94 To \'93Trolls open tunnel.\'94
\par 
\par Zurg \endash  \'93There is ancient tunnel here\'94 to \'93Ancient tunnel. Trolls know not what in tunnel. For\'85 danger times.\'94
\par 
\par Zurg \endash  \'93I said there was tunnel\'94 to \'93I said \lquote tunnel\rquote , not \lquote safe tunnel\rquote . Trolls could beat Dwarves, Chief say fight. Now, no beat Undead.\'94
\par 
\par }{\insrsid9991561 Zurg \endash  \'93Grog, the tunnel has been opened\'94 to \'93Grog, tunnel open now. Trolls escape!\'94
\par }{\insrsid15145603 
\par Troll \endash  \'93We\rquote re in\'94 Remove  - have nothing said? I mean, what would you say, as a Troll?
\par }{\insrsid13329900 
\par Seventh scenario \endash  Deep levels
\par 
\par Story board to \'93They found themselves in a dark, narrow tunnel, behind them the hordes of the Undead followed. Stretching for miles ahead were numerous tunnels and fast flowing rivers.
\par }{\insrsid9991561 
\par }{\insrsid13329900 Krunk \'93in matters of rock and earth, we do.\'94 To \'93Rock and earth, Troll magic.\'94}{\insrsid4419060 
\par }{\insrsid13329900 
\par Grog \'93Ohmenuss word\'94 to \'93Ohmenuss. Word too big. Grog like smash, crush and squash. Dwarves hate dem words.\'94
\par 
\par Zurg \'93Well, that is not a bat\'94 to \'93That not a bat!\'94
\par }{\insrsid16342262 
\par Zurg \'93Yes, real danger is near.\'94 To \'93Yes Human, danger is here\'94
\par 
\par Zurg \'93We must keep together here\'94 to \'93Trolls keep together\'94
\par  Zurg \'93Trolls says strange beings live in fire\'94 to \'93Trolls say things live in fire\'94
\par 
\par \'93I have heard of these things from Dwarfish annals\'94 to \'93I have heard of these things from Dwarvish annals\'94
\par }{\insrsid9204383 
\par Random Troll \'93Yes. A mine. Humans work for Orcs.\'94 To \'93Mine. Humans work for Orc\'94
\par 
\par Grog \'93Trolls look for a new home\'94 to \'93Troll look for new home.\'94
\par 
\par Grog \'93What you doing Humans?\'94 to \'93What you do Human?\'94
\par 
\par Grog \'93Why work for Orcs?\'94 to \'93Why work for Orc?\'94
\par 
\par Random human \'93We are Prisoners.\'94 To \'93We are prisoners.\'94
\par 
\par Grog \'93All Orc dead.\'94 To \'93All Orc dead. Human help Troll?\'94
\par 
\par Grog \'93Grog will break Lich\'94 to \'93Grog break Lich. Troll be safe.\'94
\par 
\par }{\insrsid3374416 
\par Eight scenario
\par 
\par Zurg \'93We go south. Orcs are that way, best not to fight them.\'94
\par 
\par Elyssa \'93I wonder how the Lich manage to recruit them\'94 to \'93I wonder how the Lich managed to enslave them.\'94
\par 
\par Gronak \'93Movement in the kills up north\'94 to \'93There\rquote s movement in the northern hills. The prisoners have escaped!\'94
\par 
\par Grog \'93Trolls want peace, want a\'85\'94 to \'93Troll want peace, want a\'85\'94
\par 
\par Grog \'93Trolls need kill Bones.\'94 To \'93Troll need kill Bones. Troll kill Orc? OK. Bird and Ogre help? OK. Den Troll kill all Bones. Grog say every Troll do his duty!\'94
\par 
\par }{\insrsid5394497 Grog \'93Shiny ring say something\'94 to \'93Shiny ring say\'85 Grog no read it.\'94}{\insrsid3374416 
\par }{\insrsid5394497 
\par Grog \'93Trolls can kill Lich now\'94 to \'93Troll kill Lich now. Buh, Orc here still, Orc are bad. Grog squash Orc den Lich.\'94
\par 
\par Grog \'93Trolls have the victory\'94 to \'93Troll have victory!\'94
\par 
\par Grog \'93Trolls will smash Lich\'94 to \'93Troll smash Lich\'94
\par 
\par 
\par Ninth scenario
\par 
\par Zurg \'93Why is tunnel so empty?\'94 to \'93Why tunnel empty? Zurg thought Bones\rquote  }{\insrsid4853653 be everywhere. Lich must fight many enemies, all his Bones gone.\'94}{\insrsid5394497 
\par }{\insrsid4853653 
\par Grog \'93Stop question\'94 to \'93No question. Troll smash now.\'94
\par 
\par Zurg \'93Gryphons can scout\'94 to \'93Birds scout tunnels.\'94
\par 
\par }{\insrsid16538974 Omron \'93lot\rquote s of them\'94 to \'93lots of them\'94
\par 
\par Teogwyn \'93a small tithe of us\'94 to \'93a few of us\'94
\par }{\insrsid7739947 Elyssa \'93We have finally caught you\'94 to \'93You are trapped!\'94}{\insrsid16538974 
\par }{\insrsid7739947 Apophis \'93Prepare to die foolish girl\'94. \'93Ahaha, trapped? No, not trapped! Prepare to die!\'94
\par Elyssa \'93I\rquote ll give you foolish girl\'94 \endash  remove
\par 
\par Elyssa \'93Hey its that drake chap again\'94 to \'93Hey, it\rquote s that lovely Drake ambassador. I think we should kill him this time.\'94
\par Elyssa \'93I think we ought to finish him off as well\'94 \endash  remove
\par 
\par Elyssa \'93Burn, and never return\'94 to \'93Burn and never return!\'94
\par 
\par Random unit \'93Drake Ambassador not know ambassadee. Drake Ambassador chop you.\'94 - Remove
\par }{\insrsid13329900 
\par }{\insrsid4596624 Mal-Apophis \'93You have not heard of the great Akhenku?\'94 to \'93}{\insrsid10689695 Akhenku. I am sure you will enjoy meeting }{\i\insrsid10689695 him}{\insrsid10689695 .\'94\tab }{\insrsid4596624 
\par }{\insrsid10689695 
\par No talk after killing Lich? Only a comment about the drake
\par 
\par Story board
\par 
\par \'93Their victory was swift and crushing\'94 to \'93Their victory was swift.\'94
\par Grog \'93Trolls defeat Lich. Bones will burn\'94 to \'93Troll smash Lich. Bones burn.\'94
\par Elyssa \'93
\par Ormron \'93too prosperous in face\'94 to \'93too prosperous in fact.\'94
\par \'93made hast back to the city.\'94 To \'93made haste back to the city.\'94
\par \'93transfixed by fear as the great beast perched atop\'94 to \'93transfixed as the winged beast sat atop\'94
\par \'93Dwarves could remain sealed\'94 to \'93The Dwarves could remain sealed\'94
\par \'93fearing the dragon had taken dominion of its conquered treasures\'94 to \'93fearing the dragon had taken dominion of our lands\'94
\par \'93and we were hard beset to hold onto our wealth\'94 \'93and from then on we were hard beset to defend }{\insrsid15209795 our people}{\insrsid10689695 .\'94}{\insrsid10689695\charrsid10689695 
\par }{\insrsid15209795 \'93We have lost most of our wealth, and that which we still had we abandoned to the Dwarves.\'94 To \'93We have lost almost everything except our people and what we can carry on our backs; the little we did have we gave to the Dwarves.
\'94}{\insrsid13329900 
\par }{\insrsid15209795 \'93We were at least  rewarded once\'94 to \'93Out efforts weren\rquote t entirely to no avail,\'94
\par \'93There no more help. Just us.\'94 \endash  Remove
\par \'93On our own, we all stand to be crushed.\'94 To \'93We  must stand together, alone we shall surely be crushed.\'94
\par \'93We shall see. I will journey out and seek those who desire to join the banner of freedom.\'94 To \'93I will seek out any who desire to join the banner of freedom.\'94
\par \'93Grog not sure what Trolls do next.\'94 To \'93Grog think what Troll do now?\'94
\par \'93You have fought for your new home and you are standing in it. There is fresh water and plenty of space for a great host of Trolls.\'94 To \'93
You fought your oppressors in search of a new home and I think that you are now standing in it. Fresh water, easily defensible and room for a great host of Trolls.\'94
\par \'93Dwarf still angry, they will come\'94 to \'93Dwarves angry, they come.\'94
\par \'93Orcs also, they will stop at nothing to have all under their rule. They hate \tab all life this is not their own.\'94 To \'93Orcs as well, they will stop at nothing to have dominion over all. They hate all life that is not their own.\'94
\par \'93You will likely be well accepted\'94 to \'93You will be welcomed\'94
\par \'93I take my leave now, I shall return\'94 to \'93I will take my leave, I will return soon.\'94
\par 
\par }{\insrsid11275592 
\par Story board at beginning of chapter 2
\par 
\par }{\insrsid3228598 Change to \'93The harsh winter
 froze the lands surrounding Grogs new home, which provided a brief respite for the newly formed alliance. They used the time to fortify the caves and train new recruits; preparing for the onslaught that would inevitably come in the spring.\'94
\par 
\par Change to \'93A 
horde of enemies kept watch on the small colony. A large force of Orcs remained of those who had opposed the Lich and they retained the desire to bring all under their dominion. The Dwarves had slowly recovered from their earlier defeat and were eager for
 revenge upon the Trolls now trapped within the mountain. Scouts had also reported high flying Drakes.\'94
\par 
\par \'93The council viewed the Dwarvish threat as minimal, due to their long war with the Lich they would be the slowest to amass a significant force\'94 to \'93The 
council viewed the Dwarvish threat as minimal due to their long war with the Lich, they would struggle to amass a significant force.
\par 
\par \'93try to survive for as much turns as possible, because this will delay the Dwarves arrival\'94 to \'93Try to survive for as many turns as possible because this will delay the Dwarves arrival\'94
\par }{\insrsid12198836 
\par Scenario 1
\par 
\par Zurg \'93Uh-Oh\'94 to \'93Uh oh.\'94
\par 
\par Zurg \'93We stop all Dwarf.\'94 To \'93Troll stop all Dwarf!\'94
\par 
\par Dwarf \'93Stupid Troll. Try and stop us wiping you out!\'94 to \'93Stupid Troll. I\rquote ve got a nasty surprise for you in my beard!\'94
\par 
\par Zurg \'93I don\rquote t know how much we resist\'94 to \'93Trolls cant hold forever. Trolls build wall den Dwarves take long to follow.\'94
\par 
\par }{\insrsid9766364 Trithas \'93Fine, stubborn Trolls! Time to show you true Dwarf might.\'94 To \'93Bah, these Trolls are too stupid to quit. Time to show some true Dwarf might.\'94}{\insrsid12198836 
\par }{\insrsid11487740 
\par Zurg \'93Troll can\rquote t stop Dwarf, we run north\'94 to \'93Troll can\rquote t stop Dwarf. Troll go north.\'94
\par }{\insrsid15547640 
\par Second scenario
\par 
\par Grog \'93Lots of orcs\'94 to \'93Many Orc. Troll smash them! Grog think how is Zurg?\'94
\par }{\insrsid163044 Zurg \'93Grog! Dwarves too many. We fail.\'94 To \'93Grog! Dwarves too many. Trolls fail.\'94
\par 
\par Grog \'93No trouble for Trolls. We squash them now.\'94 To \'93Trolls squash dem now.\'94
\par 
\par Zurg \'93We stop them for long time. Trolls can escape.\'94 To \'93Trolls build wall. Dwarves be long time. Trolls can escape.\'94
\par 
\par Zurg \'93Grog, take the gold that we spared.\'94 To \'93Grog, Take gold.\'94
\par 
\par Grog \'93Trolls must wait for Elyssa\'94 to \'93Troll stay for Human return.\'94
\par 
\par }{\insrsid3820026 Elyssa \'93And that signals my return! I have brought some friends.\'94 To \'93}{\insrsid10444057 That\rquote s my signal to return! I bring some lost brothers.\'94}{\insrsid3820026 
\par }{\insrsid10444057 
\par Zurg \'93Take your time Human!\'94 to \'93Take long time Human!\'94
\par 
\par Grog \'93Hurry!\'94 to \'93Quick!\'94
\par 
\par Grog \'93Dwarves are here! Trolls can\rquote t stay here.\'94 To \'93Dwarves here! Trolls go now.\'94
\par 
\par Ormron \'93We can offer you some protection of you are willing\'94 to \'93We can offer you some protection if you are willing\'94
\par }{\insrsid615495 
\par Grog \'93Ok. Trolls go east.\'94 To \'93Ok. Troll go east.\'94
\par 
\par 
\par Third scenario
\par Story board \endash  change to:}{\insrsid11275592 
\par }{\insrsid615495 \'93The party fled over the mountains from their winter home which was now overrun with their foes. The con
ditions were harsh and treacherous; the higher peaks retained some of their winter snow, slowing progress further. Fortunately they appeared to be making the journey }{\insrsid7946066 alone;}{\insrsid615495 
 the scouts reported no Dwarves or Orcs. Elyssa was surprised at the }{\insrsid7946066 group\rquote s}{\insrsid615495  high sp
irits and the camaraderie between so many different races. They were heading east into the unknown, guided by Ormron who sought to bring them to his home. 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid7946066 Second story board \endash  I think it can be removed. It\rquote s a little random and isn\rquote t really story related.
\par 
\par Zurg \'93Saurains have an extreme sense of honour\'94 to \'93Lizards have big honour. Trolls kill one, Dey all kill us.\'94
\par 
\par Zurg \'93Defend yourself but don\rquote t retaliate.\'94 To \'93No attacking der Lizards. Dey all kill us.\'94
\par 
\par Grog \'93We miss speedy birdy\'94 to \'93Grog miss Bird.\'94
\par }{\insrsid5001991 
\par Elyssa \'93Oh well, looks like we have a full scale war on our hands
\par 
\par Grog  \'93Grog says little Saurians hard  to hi.\'94 To \'93Grog think Lizards hard to smash.\'94
\par Grog \'93Trolls will follow little humans.\'94 To \'93Troll follow Human.\'94
\par 
\par Elyssa \'93Strange that there has been no sign of the orcs following us\'94 to \'93I am still unnerved by the absence of an Orcish pursuit, we must be on our guard.\'94
\par 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid8793463 Fourth scenario \endash  Waves and Waves
\par 
\par Story board change to:
\par \'93
They left the battlefield quickly, eager not to linger and advertise their presence as they still feared a hidden pursuit. At last Ormron led them to a large town that clearly retained some of its former majesty but also had a distinct derelict look. Elys
sa\rquote s fears about pursuit were proved justified\'85\'94
\par }{\insrsid8133260 
\par - you can complete the scenario without meeting the Orcs. This ruins dialogue later and this story board
\par 
\par }{\insrsid8793463 
\par }{\insrsid6103730 Ormron \endash  change to:}{\insrsid8793463 
\par }{\insrsid6103730 \'93This is our home, our last refuge. We are ruled by a council of elders; a seat on which is a highly prestigious position \endash 
 or at least until recently. The elders also lead our armies into combat, something we see more of these days than anything else. New friends will be most welcome but morale is slowly ebbing away due to Drakes bur
ning our crops, Nagas poisoning our waters and Saurians plundering our villages.\'94
\par 
\par Ormron \endash  change to:
\par \'93We can beat them time after time but then they retreat into the mountain fortresses and there they are safe from any counter attack. Were we ever to los
e a battle then the cause would be lost. Alas, every battle we win costs us good men and valuable land, until now, at last, they rampage against the very walls of the citadel.
\par 
\par Grog \endash  change to:
\par \'93Human help Troll. Troll help Human. Troll kill hissing flying things. Den Troll make home in mountain.\'94
\par 
\par Grog
\par \'93Grog talk to Humans.\'94 To \'93Grog talk to Human.\'94
\par 
\par }{\insrsid8133260 Grog}{\insrsid6103730 
\par }{\insrsid8133260 \'93Humans not clever.\'94 To \'93Hu}{\insrsid4606907 man not clever. Troll be friend den}{\insrsid8133260  Human think Troll is enemy?\'94
\par 
\par Grog
\par \'93Grog wait here. Human talk about smash. Troll just smash.\'94
\par 
\par Ormron before the council \endash  change to:
\par \'93Ormron stood before the council of elders and told the tale of their capture by the Undead }{\insrsid8801650 and their rescue by the Trolls with whom they went on to finally eradicate the Lich. He fervently argued that the Trol
ls and their friends were the salvation they had long sought and that their help should be welcomed.\'94}{\insrsid8133260 
\par }{\insrsid8801650 
\par Ormron \'93The council has decided\'94 to \'93The council has decided that Grog, Elyssa and should come before them to discuss the situation.
\par 
\par Zurg \'93I stay and lead them here.\'94 To \'93Zurg stay and fight.\'94
\par 
\par In story board about Elyssa and Grog going into the council, there are two \lquote echoed\rquote  words \endash  \'93}{\insrsid12590169 A luxurious }{\insrsid8801650 carpet underfoot echoed the proud economic history\'94 becomes \'93}{\insrsid12590169 
A luxurious }{\insrsid8801650 carpet underfoot }{\insrsid12590169 subtly hints at a proud economic history\'94}{\insrsid8801650 
\par }{\insrsid12590169 
\par Major (Is that his rank?) \'93Perhaps you should introduce yourself properly\'94 to \'93Perhaps you should introduce yourselves properly.\'94
\par 
\par Grog \'93Me Grog\'94 to \'93Me Grog. Grog lead Troll. Troll lose home, nasty Dwarves. Troll squash Dwarves, den smash Bones den crunch Orc.\'94
\par 
\par Major \endash  change to:
\par \'93To the north of here there was a Dwarven colony, legend says that they had possession of a red stone of unimaginable power. If you were to help us in retrieving it then we will grant you the 
land formerly owned by the Dwarves. There is just the uh, small problem of\'85 The dragon which currently resides there.\'94
\par 
\par Elyssa \endash  Add in after above 
\par \'93Yes I can see how that is just a small problem.\'94
\par 
\par Grog \'93Grog will help humans with pleasure.\'94 To \'93Grog smash flying things.\'94
\par 
\par General \'93The battle has rejoined outside.\'94 To \'93The battle has begun in earnest, now is the time to show your worth!\'94
\par }{\insrsid6103730 
\par }{\insrsid5001991 
\par }{\insrsid615495 
\par }{\insrsid14432150 B5 - Defense
\par 
\par When the first human leader dies:
\par Human leader: "}{\insrsid6240591 Soldiers}{\insrsid14432150 , avenge my passing."
\par 
\par When the second human leader dies:
\par Human leader: "I }{\insrsid6240591 have failed the town}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Grog: "}{\insrsid6240591 Troll need Human. Dragon too strong}{\insrsid14432150 . Grog }{\insrsid6240591 think}{\insrsid14432150  no hope now."
\par 
\par Turns run out:
\par An Orcish Warlord or Orcish Warrior}{\insrsid6240591  \endash  Change to one of their leaders}{\insrsid14432150 : "}{\insrsid6240591 Fall Back, f}{\insrsid14432150 all Back!}{\insrsid6240591 \'94 to \'93This is a slaughter! Fall Back, fall Back!\'94}{
\insrsid14432150 
\par Elyssa: "It appears the orcs are leaving."}{\insrsid6240591  To \'93It appears even their leaders don\rquote t think they can sustain such heavy losses.\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par One of the surviving Human leaders:\tab "We can manage the drakes on our own."
\par Same unit: "You can get into position for the plan."}{\insrsid6240591  To \'93You should begin to move into position to execute the plan.\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par Zurg: "OK boss."}{\insrsid6240591  To \'93Trolls go now.\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par 
\par Should you manage to kill all}{\insrsid6240591  the}{\insrsid14432150  enemies:
\par One of the surviving Human leaders:\tab "Thank you for your most valuable assistance."
\par Same unit: "You can get into position for the plan."}{\insrsid6240591  To \'93You should begin to move into position to execute the plan\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par Zurg: "OK boss."}{\insrsid6240591  To \'93Trolls go now.\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par 
\par In both cases:}{\insrsid6240591  (didn\rquote t appear for me)}{\insrsid14432150 
\par One of the surviving Human leaders:\tab "I will come with you as your guide."
\par ___________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par 
\par B6: The Back Door
\par 
\par Story screens: "They followed the road north. On the wind their nostrils caught the salt of the sea. Overhead seagulls cewwed in to the air."}{\insrsid7154530  To \'93They }{\insrsid10830337 marched towards the D}{\insrsid7154530 ragon}{\insrsid10830337 
\rquote }{\insrsid7154530 s lair along a northward road, soon they caught the scent of sea air while seagulls circled overhead.\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par }{\insrsid7154530 
\par }{\insrsid14432150 "They neared at last the end of their journey...."}{\insrsid10830337  - Remove}{\insrsid7154530 
\par }{\insrsid14432150 
\par Elyssa: "Ahhh the sea."}{\insrsid10830337  To \'93The open sea is just ahead, we need to find a way to send a message back to the Elves; we need their help.}{\insrsid14432150 
\par Zurg: "We must send message to elves. Tell them we need help."}{\insrsid10830337  - Remove}{\insrsid14432150 
\par }{\insrsid10830337 Human guide }{\insrsid14432150 "There is a human settlement down in the valley. Perhaps }{\insrsid10830337 we }{\insrsid14432150 could }{\insrsid10830337 hire a ship and send a messenger }{\insrsid14432150 to Zocthanol."
\par 
\par Grog: "}{\insrsid10830337 Bird go. Boat}{\insrsid14432150  slow.}{\insrsid10830337  Fast Bird go}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par }{\insrsid10830337 Zurg, if Jaash is not alive: "Zurg }{\insrsid14432150 go."
\par }{\insrsid10830337 Grog: \'93Troll}{\insrsid14432150  send Zurg. }{\insrsid10830337 Little Elves trust Troll. Zurg get ship from Human}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par }{\insrsid10830337 Human guide: "Very well. For the rest of us, the Dragon\rquote s lair lies}{\insrsid14432150  to the east."
\par Grog: "}{\insrsid15166700 Troll go east to}{\insrsid14432150  }{\insrsid10830337 D}{\insrsid15166700 ragon}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Human guide: "It is possible to }{\insrsid15166700 cut}{\insrsid14432150  through these woods though it is said that the guardians of the wood deal harshly with intruders."
\par 
\par If you jumped straight from B4 to B6 because you lost Ormron:
\par Elyssa: "Ahhh the sea."}{\insrsid15166700  To \'93The open sea is just ahead, we need to find a way to send a message back to the Elves; we need their help\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par }{\insrsid15166700 
\par }{\insrsid14432150 Zurg: "We must send message to elves. Tell them we need help."}{\insrsid15166700  - Remove}{\insrsid14432150 
\par Elyssa: "I am told that there is a human settlement down in the valley. Perhaps }{\insrsid15166700 we c}{\insrsid14432150 ould send a messenger by ship to Zocthanol."
\par Elyssa: "}{\insrsid15166700 We should be careful; they}{\insrsid14432150  may b}{\insrsid15166700 e as unwelcoming}{\insrsid14432150  as the}{\insrsid15166700  others}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Elyssa: "I }{\insrsid15166700 believe that the D}{\insrsid14432150 ragon}{\insrsid15166700 \rquote s lair lies }{\insrsid14432150 to the east."
\par Elyssa: "If we were to go round the back then we might be able to take him out bit like we did the lich."}{\insrsid15166700  - Remove}{\insrsid14432150 
\par Zurg: "Yes I agree."}{\insrsid15166700  - Remove}{\insrsid14432150 
\par Grog: "We must follow this road around to the dragons castle then."}{\insrsid15166700  To \'93Troll go east to Dragon.\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par Elyssa: "Let us assay to press our passage through these woods. That action may enhance our chances of the celerity required in this operation."}{\insrsid15166700  \endash  I\rquote m not really sure what this is meant to be saying? }{\insrsid14432150 

\par 
\par "Wh}{\insrsid13723619 at do you do here Troll. This be W}{\insrsid14432150 ose land."
\par "W}{\insrsid13723619 hat do you do here Ogre. This be W}{\insrsid14432150 ose land."
\par }{\insrsid13723619 "What do you do here Bird. This be W}{\insrsid14432150 ose land."
\par }{\insrsid13723619 "What do you do here Human. This be W}{\insrsid14432150 ose land.
\par }{\insrsid13723619 
\par "$second_unit.name no hurt tree}{\insrsid14432150 . $second_unit.name }{\insrsid13723619 go}{\insrsid14432150  to other side."
\par }{\insrsid13723619 "I not hurt tree}{\insrsid14432150 . I }{\insrsid13723619 go}{\insrsid14432150  to other side."
\par "Iiii nooot huuuurt treeee."
\par "I do not seek t}{\insrsid13723619 o harm the trees. I only seek }{\insrsid14432150 passage to the other side."
\par 
\par }{\insrsid4331126 "Trolls/Ogres/Birds/Humans may}{\insrsid14432150  }{\insrsid4331126 have short memories, b}{\insrsid14432150 ut }{\insrsid4331126 Woses do not. Woses were here}{\insrsid14432150  before}{\insrsid4331126  all others; the firstborn of}{
\insrsid14432150  Irdya."
\par 
\par Same Wose:
\par }{\insrsid4331126 "Woses remember everything.}{\insrsid14432150  Oh}{\insrsid4331126  yes,}{\insrsid14432150  }{\insrsid4331126 Woses remember how you T}{\insrsid14432150 rolls }{\insrsid4331126 followed the O}{\insrsid14432150 rcs. Tree-shaggers }{
\insrsid4331126 we called them}{\insrsid14432150 . }{\insrsid4331126 Th}{\insrsid14432150 e}{\insrsid4331126  Woses}{\insrsid14432150  remember."
\par }{\insrsid4331126 "Woses remember everything.}{\insrsid14432150  Oh}{\insrsid4331126  yes,}{\insrsid14432150  }{\insrsid4331126 Woses}{\insrsid9201064  remember}{\insrsid4331126  how you O}{\insrsid14432150 gres }{\insrsid4331126 felled our}{
\insrsid14432150  trees to build your h}{\insrsid4331126 omes}{\insrsid14432150 . }{\insrsid4331126 The Woses}{\insrsid14432150  remember."
\par }{\insrsid9201064 "Woses}{\insrsid14432150  remember}{\insrsid9201064  everything. Oh yes, Woses remember how you b}{\insrsid14432150 irds }{\insrsid9201064 came with the Dwarves}{\insrsid14432150  who sought only to kill, }{\insrsid9201064 
maim and destroy }{\insrsid14432150 the work of centuries. }{\insrsid9201064 The Woses }{\insrsid14432150 remember."
\par "}{\insrsid9201064 Woses remember everything. Oh yes, Woses remember how you Humans ca}{\insrsid14432150 me}{\insrsid9201064  with axes to chop}{\insrsid14432150  down trees}{\insrsid9201064  for your industries. The Woses remember}{\insrsid14432150  }{
\insrsid4331126 
\par }{\insrsid9201064 
\par }{\insrsid14432150 Player's unit:
\par "}{\insrsid9201064 Orc now}{\insrsid14432150  $second_unit.name}{\insrsid9201064  enemy}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par "I never hurt you."
\par "Iiii neeveeer huuuurt yoooo."
\par }{\insrsid9201064 "I have never hurt you }{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par }{\insrsid9201064 Wose: "Woses do n}{\insrsid4351221 ot care. Your journey ends in the eaves of our forest}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par 
\par When the Wose leader dies:
\par Wose leader: "}{\insrsid4351221 My spirit will live on in the trees.\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par 
\par You see a Sea Serpent, or it sees you:
\par }{\insrsid12860917 Sea Serpent: "GROOOOAAARRR!}{\insrsid14432150 "}{\insrsid13967879  \endash  Take off the green}{\insrsid14432150 
\par }{\insrsid13967879 
\par A saurian speaks here and says the unit type of the person the serpent attacks, in this case he says \'93mudcrawler\'94 \endash  and there are no saurians present. What is the purpose of this line?
\par 
\par }{\insrsid14432150 Player's unit, depending on race:
\par If it is Elyssa: "}{\insrsid12860917 A sea serpent}{\insrsid14432150 !}{\insrsid12860917  I bet it could eat a Troll whole.}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par Or}{\insrsid12860917  a Troll: "$second_unit.name no}{\insrsid14432150  like }{\insrsid12860917 dat}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Or an Ogre: "}{\insrsid12860917 Sea snake is big! Help!}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par Or a Gryphon: "Heeeelp."
\par Or a Human: "}{\insrsid12860917 What }{\i\insrsid12860917 is}{\insrsid12860917  that? }{\insrsid14432150 Get me out of here!"
\par }{\insrsid13967879 
\par }{\insrsid14432150 If you see a Drake before the other Human side:
\par Troll: "}{\insrsid6438183 Flying things}{\insrsid14432150  here}{\insrsid6438183 . $second_unit.name hate}{\insrsid14432150  }{\insrsid6438183 dem}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Ogre: "Drakes here}{\insrsid6438183 . I hate D}{\insrsid14432150 rakes."
\par Gr}{\insrsid6438183 yphon: "Iii haaate D}{\insrsid14432150 raakes."
\par Human: "}{\insrsid6438183 The D}{\insrsid14432150 rakes}{\insrsid6438183  have come, they can never resist a fight}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par 
\par You see the Humans:
\par 
\par If you did B5:
\par }{\insrsid4013255 Yreddyn (Human Leader): "Reinforcements! Rally to me! Let\rquote s send these scaly swamp monsters packing!\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par Yreddyn: "}{\insrsid4013255 Hold up}{\insrsid6438183 . A}{\insrsid14432150 ren't you trolls?"
\par Human guide: "}{\insrsid6438183 Yes they are. But we have formed an alliance with them to fight the dragon}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Yreddyn: "}{\insrsid6438183 Well}{\insrsid4013255  Blow me overboard!}{\insrsid6438183  An }{\insrsid4013255 alliance with Trolls? Craziest story I ever heard. Young (human guides name) is it? Well, if you can vouch for them then we won\rquote 
t get in your way, plenty of Drakes for us all!\'94
\par }{\insrsid14432150 Zurg: "}{\insrsid4013255 Trolls go to kill dragon}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Yreddyn: "}{\insrsid4013255 A mighty fine quest indeed! }{\insrsid8855995 Trolls on the warpath! }{\insrsid4013255 We\rquote ll hold off these scamps while you go and strike the fatal blow!\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par 
\par If you jumped straight from B4 to B6:
\par Sighted Human: "}{\insrsid4013255 Sir, a pack of Trolls are approaching from the south!}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par Elyssa: "The messenger seems to have }{\insrsid1801012 performed}{\insrsid14432150  his job }{\i\insrsid1801012 admirably}{\insrsid1801012 !}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par Yreddyn: "}{\insrsid1801012 Halt there! State your intentions or feel steel!\'94
\par }{\insrsid14432150 If you have Jaash:
\par Grog: "}{\insrsid1801012 Troll go east to smash dragon.\'94
\par Yreddyn: \'93Well blow me overboard! Trolls on the warpath eh? That\rquote s something worth seeing I reckon. Tell you what, between you and me, give me a little demonstration on these here Drakes and I\rquote 
ll not hinder you further, save for a small toll of 60 gold.\'94
\par }{\insrsid14432150 If you don't have Jaash:
\par Grog: "}{\insrsid544102 Troll need}{\insrsid14432150  ship}{\insrsid16590503  den}{\insrsid544102  smash dragon}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Yreddyn: "}{\insrsid16590503 A mighty quest indeed! Trolls on the warpath eh? That\rquote s something worth seeing I reckon. Tell you what, between you and me, give me a little demonstration on these here Drakes and I\rquote ll not hinder you further; We
\rquote ll say 60 gold for the ship?\'94
\par }{\insrsid14432150 If you have enough money:
\par Elyssa: "Here is the gold."
\par Yreddyn: "Thank you."
\par If you don't have enough money:
\par Elyssa: "}{\insrsid16590503 I am afraid that w}{\insrsid14432150 e do not have that much gold."
\par Yreddyn: "Very well. }{\insrsid16590503  Make a damn good show of thrashing these Drakes and I\rquote ll accept that in lieu of gold.\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par If you jumped B5, you must defeat the Drakes.
\par 
\par If the Drake leader dies:}{\insrsid15665429  - Doesn\rquote t occur}{\insrsid14432150 
\par }{\insrsid8855995 Drake Leader: "Grrruummppphhh.}{\insrsid14432150 "}{\insrsid13967879  }{\insrsid14432150 
\par If Yreddyn is still alive:
\par Yreddyn: "}{\insrsid8855995 An invigorating battle, a glorious victory! Trolls on the warpath indeed. I\rquote m not one to miss excitement, I think we\rquote ll accompany on your quest to\'85\'94
\par 
\par }{\insrsid14432150 Elyssa: "Zocthanol."
\par Yreddyn: "Zocthanol}{\insrsid8855995 ..}{\insrsid14432150 .}{\insrsid8855995  Right\'85 Sounds like a fine place for battle!}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par If Yreddyn is dead:
\par A Human unit: "}{\insrsid13119218 Victory is ours! Sad though it is that Yreddyn did not live to see it. We shall accompany you to ensure your safe passage to...\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par Elyssa: "Zocthanol."
\par A Human unit: "Ahhh yes, Zocthanol."}{\insrsid13119218  - Remove}{\insrsid14432150 
\par If you have Jaash:
\par Jaash: "Weee neeeed nooo shiiiip. Weee flyyy."}{\insrsid13119218  \endash  Remove, redundant as we already know Jaash will fly there.}{\insrsid14432150 
\par If you don't have Jaash:
\par }{\insrsid13119218 Zurg: "Zurg take ship}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Either Yreddyn or another Human: "}{\insrsid13504959 That we can arrange. I will send a messenger ahead to our allies to inform them of your quest.\'94
\par Elyssa: "Thank you}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par If Grog didn't yet reached the signpost:
\par Grog: "Grog see }{\insrsid13504959 sign}{\insrsid14432150 . Grog }{\insrsid13504959 need get to sign}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par 
\par If Yreddyn dies:
\par }{\insrsid13504959 Yreddyn: \'93}{\insrsid7241498 My last battle! Avenge me brothers}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par }{\insrsid7241498 Add in: Random human \'93Farewell Yreddyn, a true warrior.\'94
\par }{\insrsid14432150 Elyssa: "That doesn't help us much."}{\insrsid7241498  - Remove}{\insrsid14432150 
\par 
\par If the Human guide dies:
\par Human guide: "Ackk."
\par Elyssa: "}{\insrsid7241498 It\rquote s going to be hard to find Zocthanal now.\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par 
\par When Grog moves to the signpost, and Jaash or Zurg departed, or you defeated the Drakes:
\par Grog: "}{\insrsid7241498 Troll go}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par If Jaash or Zurg didn't yet reached the signpost:
\par Grog: "}{\insrsid7241498 Go Bird}{\insrsid14432150 ." or "}{\insrsid7241498 Go}{\insrsid14432150  Zurg."
\par If you didn't defeated the Drakes:
\par Grog: "}{\insrsid7241498 Troll smash Drake first}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par 
\par When Jaash flies away:
\par Jaash: "I gooo nooow."
\par Elyssa: "Good luck, Jaash!"
\par 
\par When Zurg takes the ship:
\par }{\insrsid1922694 Zurg: "Zurg}{\insrsid14432150  go now."
\par Elyssa: "Good luck, Zurg!"
\par 
\par When Jaash dies:
\par Elyssa: "}{\insrsid1922694 We won\rquote t be able to contact Kaleh now.}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par ___________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par C1 - Flying Above the Sands
\par 
\par 
\par Story screen: "}{\insrsid15665429 Grog led the Trolls along the coast towards the mountain upon which the dragon Akhenku sat. }{\insrsid14432150 Meanwhile Jaash, pursued by th}{\insrsid15665429 
e drakes, had nearly reached the coast from which to fly to the Quenoth Elves. }{\insrsid14432150 
\par }{\insrsid15665429 
\par }{\insrsid14432150 On start:
\par Jaash:}{\insrsid15665429  "Wee mus goo faaast. Draaake}{\insrsid14432150 s wiiill beee heeere sooon."
\par Narrator: "Remember that standing in an oasis will heal your unit by 8 HP."
\par 
\par First wave of Drakes:
\par Jaash: "Thoosse draaakes aaare riight beehind uuus."
\par A Drake: "}{\insrsid15665429 The Gryphons have a head start; chase em down boys}{\insrsid14432150 !"
\par 
\par Second wave of Drakes:
\par Jaash: "Mooore draaakes cooomiiing."
\par 
\par You see a Cactose, or it sees you:
\par Gryphon: "Whaaat iiis thaaat spiiiky thiiing? Iiit doees noot loook frienddly."
\par 
\par When Cactose and Drakes fight:
\par A Drake: "Hey, this nasty spiky thing is attacking me!"}{\insrsid2120746  \endash  Remove? Out of character for Drakes I think. Plus, I imagine they already know what they are.}{\insrsid14432150 
\par Another Drake: "Just hurry up and kill it, will you?"}{\insrsid2120746  \endash  Remove?}{\insrsid14432150 
\par 
\par You find the Mermen:
\par Gryphon: "Iii seee Meermeeen."
\par Merman: "}{\insrsid5733834 Ahh! A flock of giant birds!\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par Jaash: "Wee iss frienn}{\insrsid5733834 dly. Weee }{\insrsid14432150 seeeks heelp. Groog neeeeedss yoou."
\par Esanoo: "}{\insrsid5733834 You are a messenger from Grog? Very well, how can we assist?}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par }{\insrsid5733834 Jaash \'93Weee mussst goo too thee Elvesss.\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par }{\insrsid5733834 
\par }{\insrsid14432150 Turns run out:
\par }{\insrsid5733834 Jaash: "Weee'll noooot cooom}{\insrsid14432150 e}{\insrsid5733834  baaack too Grooog iiiin tiiiime. Heeee iiiiis dooome}{\insrsid14432150 d."
\par ___________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par C1 - Shipwreck
\par 
\par 
\par Scenario in a few words: Zurg's ships, with its crew, wrecks on a small island filled with Cactoses. Here they will be found by Esanoo - but they must resist to allow the Mermen repairing the ship. You can play this scenario only if you lost Jaash in B6.

\par 
\par Story screen: "}{\insrsid4262722 Grog led the Trolls along the coast towards the mountain upon which the dragon Akhenku sat. }{\insrsid14432150 Meanwhile, Zurg}{\insrsid12190334  had run into }{\insrsid14432150 a storm soon after leaving}{
\insrsid12190334  and }{\insrsid14432150  been shipwrecked on a small island near Zocthanol."
\par 
\par On start:
\par Zurg: "}{\insrsid12190334 Zurg stuck. How Zurg find Elves}{\insrsid14432150 ?"
\par Tinry}{\insrsid12190334 , a Duelist: "Well, the ship hasn\rquote t sunk; we can try to repair it. We should }{\insrsid14432150 explore the island and..."
\par }{\insrsid12190334 Tinry: "Oh no! T}{\insrsid14432150 hose accursed cacti!"
\par Narrator: "Remember that standing in an oasis will heal your unit by 8 HP."
\par 
\par On turn 2:
\par Tinry: "}{\insrsid12190334 There are }{\i\insrsid12190334\charrsid12190334 more}{\insrsid12190334  of them?}{\insrsid14432150 " (he refers to the cacti)
\par }{\insrsid12190334 Esanoo: "Trolls and Humans stranded upon an island?}{\insrsid14432150  What}{\insrsid12190334  has come to pass here}{\insrsid14432150 ?"
\par Zurg: "}{\insrsid1272956 Zurg sent by Grog}{\insrsid14432150  to }{\insrsid1272956 find }{\insrsid8721306 Quenoth }{\insrsid1272956 E}{\insrsid14432150 lves. We}{\insrsid1272956  crash boat}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Esanoo: "}{\insrsid11556887 You are a messenger of Grog? If that is so then we shall assist, we can repair your vessel and lead you to }{\insrsid8721306 the Elves}{\insrsid11556887 .\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par Turns run out:
\par Esanoo: "}{\insrsid11556887 Your vessel is repaired; we shall now }{\insrsid14432150 take you to }{\insrsid8721306 the Elves}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par 
\par If Tinry dies:
\par Tinry: "My wife, my children, who will care for them now?"
\par ___________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par C2 - A Powerful Ballista}{\insrsid11556887   - Maybe \'93The Quenoth sail again\'94? I assume they sailed to the island in UTBS, still haven\rquote t played it!}{\insrsid14432150 
\par 
\par 
\par Story screen: "}{\insrsid11556887 The Quenoth council invited $stored_hero.name to speak before them. The meeting was quick, both the Elves and Mermen declared their support for their old friend, Grog. 
A mighty warship was prepared and $stored_hero.name set sail for }{\insrsid8721306 Zocthanol accompanied by the Humans, Elves and Mermen.}{\insrsid11556887 
\par }{\insrsid14432150 
\par On start:
\par Narrator: "The Elves have installed }{\insrsid8721306 a long range ballista on their. These ships can fire over }{\insrsid14432150 multi}{\insrsid8721306 ple }{\insrsid14432150 hex}{\insrsid8721306 es}{\insrsid14432150 . To}{\insrsid8721306  fire}{
\insrsid14432150 , right-click }{\insrsid8721306 an}{\insrsid14432150  enemy }{\insrsid8721306 unit within four hexes from the}{\insrsid14432150  }{\insrsid8721306 Quenoth\rquote s }{\insrsid14432150 ship, or within two hexes from }{\insrsid8721306 
the support }{\insrsid14432150 ship}{\insrsid8721306 s}{\insrsid14432150 . Warning: the ships don't have any melee attack, and thus are very weak if attacked by an enemy!"
\par 
\par When the Quenoth ship moves on its dock:
\par }{\insrsid13333308 Kaleh: "Melusand, we are docked.\'94}{\insrsid14432150 
\par 
\par When Melusand reaches her keep:
\par Melusand: "}{\insrsid13333308 Kaleh, we are across.}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par 
\par When both are in position:
\par Narrator: "}{\insrsid13333308 With the arrival of the Elves all the pieces are ready for the battle\'85}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par 
\par If Melusand dies:
\par Melusand: "In killing me you }{\insrsid13333308 have }{\insrsid14432150 kill}{\insrsid13333308 ed}{\insrsid14432150  a legend."
\par 
\par If Esanoo dies:
\par Esanoo: "Farewell Nym, I go to the sea god. You must go on without me."
\par }{\insrsid13333308 Nym: "Farewell Esanoo, my friend}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par 
\par If the Quenoth ship is destroyed:
\par Narrator: "The Mermen tried their best to save the Elves, but unfortunately nobody survived the wreck."
\par 
\par Turns run out:
\par Kaleh: "}{\insrsid13333308 We have taken too long}{\insrsid14432150 , }{\insrsid13333308 soon }{\insrsid14432150 we will be attacke}{\insrsid13333308 d by Drakes in the midst of the}{\insrsid14432150  open sea."
\par ___________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par B7 - Dragonbane
\par 
\par Story screen: "}{\insrsid9775648 After years of oppression and months of fighting and preparation the combined armies of Trolls, Humans, Elves, Mermen, Ogres and Gryphons stood ready to challenge the tyranny of the dragon,}{\insrsid14432150  Akhenku."

\par 
\par On start:
\par Human guide: "}{\insrsid9775648 This is the domain of Akhenku}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Elyssa: "}{\insrsid9775648 Jaash\rquote s quest was a success! The Elves are landing now}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par Zhul: "}{\insrsid9775648 It was foretold that we would meet}{\insrsid14432150  again}{\insrsid9775648 ,}{\insrsid14432150  Grog."
\par Nym: "Let us strike fear in}{\insrsid9775648 to}{\insrsid14432150  the hearts of these drakes."
\par }{\insrsid9775648 Grog: "Grog like }{\insrsid14432150 squash}{\insrsid9775648  flying things}{\insrsid14432150 ."
\par If you didn't played B5:
\par Human leader at South: "}{\insrsid9775648 The}{\insrsid14432150  northern garrison}{\insrsid9775648  told us}{\insrsid14432150  of how you h}{\insrsid9775648 elped them. The council has decided}{\insrsid14432150 
 to offer you an alliance and grant you this land in perpetuity if you }{\insrsid9775648 assist us in killing these D}{\insrsid14432150 rakes."
\par Melusand: "We will }{\insrsid9775648 hold}{\insrsid14432150  the seas for you."
\par Grog: "}{\insrsid9775648 Giant flying thing got }{\insrsid14432150 choice. Run or Grog smash you."
\par Drake Ambassador, if you didn't killed him in A7: "GRRRRAAAARRRGGHHH."
\par Akhenku: "RRRRAAAAUUUURRRRGGGGGHHHHH."
\par }{\insrsid5312355 Human leader: "For freedom!"
\par }{\insrsid14432150 Kaleh: "}{\insrsid5312355 For the Quenoth!}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par Esanoo: "For the freedom of the seas}{\insrsid5312355 !}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par Jaa}{\insrsid5312355 sh: "Ooorrrr friennnnndsss!}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par I-gruk: "For}{\insrsid5312355  little people!}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par Elyssa: "For}{\insrsid5312355  knowledge!}{\insrsid14432150 "
\par The Mudcrawler, if alive: "Blurble! Glarb! Plopl!"
\par Grog: "Squash EVERYRTHING."
\par Elyssa: " - ? - "}{\insrsid5312355  - remove}{\insrsid14432150 
\par 1st Drake leader: "GRRRGGHHH."
\par 2nd Drake leader: "RAAGGGHHHH."
\par 3rd Drake leader: "KKKKRRRUUGGGHHH."
\par Naga leader: "HSSSSS."
\par 
\par }{\insrsid5312355 
\par 
\par ----- Town by Grogs keep, far left of screen \endash  only one to the left of keep, is inaccessible. 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid14432150 When the Drake Ambassador dies:
\par Drake Ambassador: "I, I am an ambassador from his Majesty AKHENKU THE GREAT."
\par Elyssa: "Your embassy has come to a fiery end, Fool."
\par Akhenku: "RRRRUUUUAAAARRRRGGGGG!!!" 
\par Elyssa: "And for you, Akhenku, your kingdom of terror is over. Prepare to die!"
\par Grog: "Grog says we crush dragon."
\par Zurg: "Fist and cold, we will destroy you!"
\par 
\par If Kaleh dies:
\par Kaleh: "To die on the cusp of victory. Oh the irony!"
\par 
\par If Nym dies:
\par Nym: "Save me, Kaleh, I'm dying..."
\par 
\par If Zhul dies:
\par Zhul: "Eloh protect us, I have fallen."
\par 
\par If Melusand dies:
\par Melusand: "In killing me you kill a legend."
\par Grog: "Merfolk good, we doomed now."
\par 
\par If Esanoo dies:
\par If Nym is alive:
\par Esanoo: "Farewell Nym, I go to the sea god. You must go on without me."
\par Nym: "Farewell Esanoo. You were my favorite of the merfolk."
\par Else:
\par Esanoo: "Farewell, I go to the sea god. You must go on without me."
\par 
\par If the Human leader dies:
\par Human leader: "Ughh."
\par Elyssa: "He was only a little bit important to success."
\par 
\par If the Human guide dies:
\par Human guide: "Ackk."
\par 
\par If the 1st Drake leader dies:
\par 1st Drake leader: "GRRRGGHHH."
\par 
\par If the 2nd Drake leader dies:
\par 2nd Drake leader: "RAAGGGHHHH."
\par 
\par If the 3rd Drake leader dies:
\par 3rd Drake leader: "KKKKRRRUUGGGHHH."
\par 
\par If the Naga leader dies:
\par Naga leader: "HSSSSS."
\par 
\par When Akhenku dies:
\par Akhenku: "I lay this curse upon you that you may know much sorrow."
\par Narrator: " *thud* "
\par Akhenku: "Argghhh."
\par Grog: "We win."
\par ___________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par S4 - Conclusion
\par 
\par 
\par Story only.
\par 
\par Story screens:
\par "}{\insrsid4606907 The fall of Akhenku heralded an age of renewed prosperity. The humans of (the cities name) began to rediscover their splendour of old and forged an alliance with the Trolls who now dwelt within the mountain under the r
ule of their great chief, Grog.\'94
\par 
\par \'93The }{\insrsid7429989 Trolls skill and knowledge grew as they learnt from their new friends; in return they lent their protection to the numerous settlements that }{\insrsid6388695 sprang up across the country. People of any race were welcomed within 
the borders of Grog\rquote s home.\'94}{\insrsid4606907 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid6388695 \'93Zurg, ever Grog\rquote s loyal friend and advisor, grew old and was laid to rest at the roots of the mountain. Elyssa contin
ued her exploration of Irdya for a great many years, returning to her friends often with tales of strange creatures, long lost brethren, 
tales of valour and tidings of great evil. Many a time she would be accompanied by people of various races who came to settle in peace.\'94}{\insrsid4606907 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid6388695 \'93The red gem that was believed to be under the guardianship of the Dwarves before their destruction by Akhenku was thought lost.}{\insrsid11624509  Its discovery many years later by a young Troll led to a great council attended by 
representatives of every race and headed by Elyssa whereupon it was discovered to be the sceptre of fire. An artefact of unimaginable power that trailed history of destruction
; it was decided to remove it from the shifting fortunes of the mainland forever.\'94
\par 
\par \'93So it was that when Kaleh, Elvish representative to the council, set sail for Zocthanol the brow of his ship was adorned with a jewel; its light carving a path in the darkness.
\par 
\par }{\insrsid4606907 
\par MENTION DWARVES BEING DEFEATED
\par }}